Metazoa Static content E115 (#158)
EnsemblGenomes/ensembl-static: metazoa/species/Mercenaria/Mercenaria_mercenaria/Mercenaria_mercenaria_gca021730395v1rs_about.md

**About *Mercenaria mercenaria***
-------------------------
The hard clam, also known as the round clam, hard-shell clam, or the 
quahog, is an edible marine bivalve mollusk that is native to the 
eastern shores of North America and Central America from Prince Edward 

> Island to the Yucat�n Peninsula. It is one of many unrelated edible 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Island to the Yucatan Peninsula. It is one of many unrelated edible 
```
